## 2. [Open Source and Repo Setup](2_set_up_repo/readme.md) Reflection

* Explain how to create a repository on GitHub and clone the repository to your local computer to a non-technical person
* Describe what open source means
* What do you think about Open Source? Does it make you nervous or protective? Does it feel like utopia?
* Assess the importance of using licenses
* What concepts were solidified in the challenge? Did you have any "aha" moments? What did you struggle with?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

To create a repository on Github, you need to open your browser and go to "github.com/new". This will take you to the 'new repository form'. Once you fill out the form, you will click "Create Repository". To clone the repository to your local computer, you will need to copy the URL generated by Github, open the terminal and type 'git clone' followed by the link you copied earlier. Then you're done! You can confirm this by typing 'ls' in the terminal and it will show the name of the repository you created in Github.

Open source is free software that includes the source code. It allows the community to collaborate and improve software as well as being able to customize the programs however they want. Overall, I feel good about open source because as a future developer, I can see how programs are created and I can even contribute to the source code to make it better for everyone.

I believe the importance of using the MIT license is that you can sell your software and you are not compelled to provide the source code to the community, but it would be nice.

This challenge solidified my knowledge in open software. All this time I thought it was just free software, but I never knew the source code was free too. I did however have an 'aha' moment when reading about the licenses. Although it’s written in English, it felt like I was reading directly from the Rosetta stone at times.
